update(distribution): bazzite (#127)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

		- [Fedora CoreOS](https://fedoraproject.org/coreos/) - An atomic-based Fedora focused on servers
	- Related Projects
		- [Universal Blue](https://universal-blue.org/) - An organization dedicated to build and distribute cloud-native OSTree OCI images originally based on Fedora Atomic. [list of source images](https://github.com/orgs/ublue-os/packages), [list of end-user images](https://universal-blue.org/#images)

> 			- [Bazzite](https://github.com/ublue-os/bazzite/) - A Universal Blue OCI image focused on Linux gaming, handheld PCs, and SteamOS-like desktop experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			- [Bazzite](https://github.com/ublue-os/bazzite/) - A Universal Blue (Fedora Atomic -based) OCI image focused on Gaming (desktop and handheld); the gold standard for Linux Gaming
```
